README.md, before:

# Solana Roadmap

## Get Started

- [x] [Web3DAO - What is Solana?](https://github.com/Web3DAO-Community/What-is-Solana)

* [x] [What is Solana? SOL Explained with Animations](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1jzROE6EhxM)

## Solana Official Links

- [ ] [Solana Stack Exchange](https://solana.stackexchange.com/)

* [ ] [Solana Official Dcoumentation](https://docs.solana.com)

- [ ] [Solana Official Resources](https://solana.com/developers)

* [ ] [Solana - The Scaffold Series](https://solana.com/news/solana-scaffold-part-1-wallet-adapter)

- [ ] [Solana - Solana Bytes](youtube.com/watch?v=pRYs49MqapI&list=PLilwLeBwGuK51Ji870apdb88dnBr1Xqhm)

## Solana Unofficial Links

- [ ] [SolDev - Solana Development Course](https://soldev.app/course)

* [ ] [solana-dev-adv - Solana Cookbook](https://solanacookbook.com/)

- [ ] [Nader Dabit - The Complete Guide to Full Stack Solana Development with React, Anchor, Rust, and Phantom](https://dev.to/dabit3/the-complete-guide-to-full-stack-solana-development-with-react-anchor-rust-and-phantom-3291)

* [ ] [buildspace - Build a Web3 app on Solana with React and Rust](https://app.buildspace.so/projects/CObd6d35ce-3394-4bd8-977e-cbee82ae07a3)

- [ ] [buildspace - Ship your own custom NFT collection on Solana](https://app.buildspace.so/projects/CO77556be5-25e9-49dd-a799-91a2fc29520e)

* [ ] [Questbook - Build on Solana](https://openquest.xyz/tracks/build-on-solana)

- [ ] [Start on Solana - Start with quests](https://www.startonsolana.com)

* [ ] [Pointer - Taking Payments IRL with Solana Pay](https://www.pointer.gg/tutorials/solana-pay-irl-payments/944eba7e-82c6-4527-b55c-5411cdf63b23#welcome)

- [ ] [Solana Web3 Example - Yihau Chen](https://yihau.github.io/solana-web3-demo/)

## Solana Security Links

- [ ] [Neodyme Labs - Solana Security Workshop](https://workshop.neodyme.io)

* [ ] [Soteria Security Services & Audit for Solana Programs - Blog](https://www.soteria.dev/blogs)

## Anchor Unofficial Links

- [ ] [Anchor - The Anchor Book](https://book.anchor-lang.com/)

* [ ] [@0xDeep - Anchor by example](https://examples.anchor-lang.com)

## Rust Programming Language

- [ ] [FCC YouTube – Interactive Rust Language Tutorial on Replit](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MsocPEZBd-M)

* [x] [Fireship YouTube - Rust in 100 Seconds](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5C_HPTJg5ek)

- [ ] [Frontend Masters - The Rust Programming Language](https://frontendmasters.com/courses/rust)

* [ ] [Rust for JS Developers](https://rustforjs.dev)

- [ ] [Book - Programming Rust: Fast, Safe Systems Development 2nd Edición](https://www.oreilly.com/library/view/programming-rust-2nd/9781492052586)

* [ ] [Stefan Baumgartner - Getting started with Rust](https://fettblog.eu/getting-started-with-rust)

- [ ] [Denys Séguret - How not to learn Rust](https://dystroy.org/blog/how-not-to-learn-rust)

* [ ] [Rust & Tell Berlin Spet 2021 - Bastian Gruber: Learning Rust - One tutorial to rule them all](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QoatPlzc0-Y)

- [ ] [Rust Linz, June 2021 - Tim McNamara - How to learn Rust](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sDtQaO5_SOw)

## Developer Tools

- [Anchor - Solana Dev Environment](https://project-serum.github.io/anchor/getting-started/introduction.html)

* [VSCode - Rust](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=rust-lang.rust)

- [Solana Playground](https://beta.solpg.io)

## Projects ideas

- [ ] [Tip ETH, for SOL](https://tipeth.xyz)

- [ ] [Ethereum Code Viewer, for SOL](https://github.com/dethcrypto/ethereum-code-viewer)

## External Lists/Resources

- [Solana Developer Resources](https://www.notion.so/Solana-Developer-Resources-267371c95fae42d3ab608f3e4de9aa04)

* [SolDev](https://www.soldev.app)

- [Awesome Solana](https://github.com/paul-schaaf/awesome-solana)

* [Solana - Riptide Hackathon Resources](https://solana.com/riptide/resources)

## Twitter Accounts to follow

- @aeyakovenko, Anatoly, Solana Founder

* @rajgokal - Raj, Solana Co-founder
* @SBF_FTX - Sam, FTX CEO, Solana Investor

- @jacobvcreech - Solana Cookbook Creator
- @DonnySolana - Solana Cookbook Creator
- @therealchaseeb - Chase Barker, Head of Developer Ecosystem on Solana Foundation
- @jamesrp13 - James, SolDev course creator

* @c_ogoo - C.OG, Solana Dev Rel
* @caulfieldjoe1 - Joe, Solana Dev Rel

- @solana_devs - Solana Developers

## YouTube Channels

- [Coding & Crypto](https://www.youtube.com/c/CodingCrypto/videos)

* [No Boilerplate](https://www.youtube.com/c/NoBoilerplate/videos)

Commit message:

📦 NEW: Add project ideas.  Rust tutorial.

README.md, after:

# Solana Roadmap

## Get Started

- [x] [Web3DAO - What is Solana?](https://github.com/Web3DAO-Community/What-is-Solana)

* [x] [What is Solana? SOL Explained with Animations](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1jzROE6EhxM)

## Solana Official Links

- [ ] [Solana Stack Exchange](https://solana.stackexchange.com/)

* [ ] [Solana Official Dcoumentation](https://docs.solana.com)

- [ ] [Solana Official Resources](https://solana.com/developers)

* [ ] [Solana - The Scaffold Series](https://solana.com/news/solana-scaffold-part-1-wallet-adapter)

- [ ] [Solana - Solana Bytes](youtube.com/watch?v=pRYs49MqapI&list=PLilwLeBwGuK51Ji870apdb88dnBr1Xqhm)

## Solana Unofficial Links

- [ ] [SolDev - Solana Development Course](https://soldev.app/course)

* [ ] [solana-dev-adv - Solana Cookbook](https://solanacookbook.com/)

- [ ] [Nader Dabit - The Complete Guide to Full Stack Solana Development with React, Anchor, Rust, and Phantom](https://dev.to/dabit3/the-complete-guide-to-full-stack-solana-development-with-react-anchor-rust-and-phantom-3291)

* [ ] [buildspace - Build a Web3 app on Solana with React and Rust](https://app.buildspace.so/projects/CObd6d35ce-3394-4bd8-977e-cbee82ae07a3)

- [ ] [buildspace - Ship your own custom NFT collection on Solana](https://app.buildspace.so/projects/CO77556be5-25e9-49dd-a799-91a2fc29520e)

* [ ] [Questbook - Build on Solana](https://openquest.xyz/tracks/build-on-solana)

- [ ] [Start on Solana - Start with quests](https://www.startonsolana.com)

* [ ] [Pointer - Taking Payments IRL with Solana Pay](https://www.pointer.gg/tutorials/solana-pay-irl-payments/944eba7e-82c6-4527-b55c-5411cdf63b23#welcome)

- [ ] [Solana Web3 Example - Yihau Chen](https://yihau.github.io/solana-web3-demo/)

## Solana Security Links

- [ ] [Neodyme Labs - Solana Security Workshop](https://workshop.neodyme.io)

* [ ] [Soteria Security Services & Audit for Solana Programs - Blog](https://www.soteria.dev/blogs)

## Anchor Unofficial Links

- [ ] [Anchor - The Anchor Book](https://book.anchor-lang.com/)

* [ ] [@0xDeep - Anchor by example](https://examples.anchor-lang.com)

## Rust Programming Language

- [ ] [FCC YouTube – Interactive Rust Language Tutorial on Replit](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MsocPEZBd-M)

* [x] [Fireship YouTube - Rust in 100 Seconds](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5C_HPTJg5ek)

- [ ] [Frontend Masters - The Rust Programming Language](https://frontendmasters.com/courses/rust)

* [ ] [Rust for JS Developers](https://rustforjs.dev)

- [ ] [Book - Programming Rust: Fast, Safe Systems Development 2nd Edición](https://www.oreilly.com/library/view/programming-rust-2nd/9781492052586)

* [ ] [Stefan Baumgartner - Getting started with Rust](https://fettblog.eu/getting-started-with-rust)

- [ ] [Denys Séguret - How not to learn Rust](https://dystroy.org/blog/how-not-to-learn-rust)

* [ ] [Rust & Tell Berlin Spet 2021 - Bastian Gruber: Learning Rust - One tutorial to rule them all](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QoatPlzc0-Y)

- [ ] [Rust Linz, June 2021 - Tim McNamara - How to learn Rust](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sDtQaO5_SOw)

* [ ] [Learn Rust Programming Course – Interactive Rust Language Tutorial on Replit](https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/rust-in-replit/)

## Developer Tools

- [Anchor - Solana Dev Environment](https://project-serum.github.io/anchor/getting-started/introduction.html)

* [VSCode - Rust](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=rust-lang.rust)

- [Solana Playground](https://beta.solpg.io)

## Projects ideas

- [ ] [Tip ETH, for SOL](https://tipeth.xyz)

* [ ] [Ethereum Code Viewer, for SOL](https://github.com/dethcrypto/ethereum-code-viewer)

- [ ] [ABI Ninja, for IDL](https://abi.ninja/)

## External Lists/Resources

- [Solana Developer Resources](https://www.notion.so/Solana-Developer-Resources-267371c95fae42d3ab608f3e4de9aa04)

* [SolDev](https://www.soldev.app)

- [Awesome Solana](https://github.com/paul-schaaf/awesome-solana)

* [Solana - Riptide Hackathon Resources](https://solana.com/riptide/resources)

## Twitter Accounts to follow

- @aeyakovenko, Anatoly, Solana Founder

* @rajgokal - Raj, Solana Co-founder
* @SBF_FTX - Sam, FTX CEO, Solana Investor

- @jacobvcreech - Solana Cookbook Creator
- @DonnySolana - Solana Cookbook Creator
- @therealchaseeb - Chase Barker, Head of Developer Ecosystem on Solana Foundation
- @jamesrp13 - James, SolDev course creator

* @c_ogoo - C.OG, Solana Dev Rel
* @caulfieldjoe1 - Joe, Solana Dev Rel

- @solana_devs - Solana Developers

## YouTube Channels

- [Coding & Crypto](https://www.youtube.com/c/CodingCrypto/videos)

* [No Boilerplate](https://www.youtube.com/c/NoBoilerplate/videos)
